chore(docs): Add info about Vector Operator to Kubernetes intalation page (#17432)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/docs/setup/installation/platforms/kubernetes.md

"kubectl logs -n vector statefulset/vector"
```

### Vector Operator

> The [Vector Operator](https://github.com/kaasops/vector-operator) is community supported resource. The operator deploys and configures a Vector Agent daemonset on every node to collect container and application logs from the node file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Vector Operator](https://github.com/kaasops/vector-operator) is a community supported resource. The operator deploys and configures a Vector Agent as a DaemonSet on every Node to collect container and application logs from the Node's file system.
```

> To start using it, you can read the [documentation](https://github.com/kaasops/vector-operator/tree/main/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information, see the [documentation](https://github.com/kaasops/vector-operator/tree/main/docs).
```
